
## 以下是ARMmbed/DAPLink项目的开源许可：
Apache License
Version 2.0, January 2004
http://www.apache.org/licenses/

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

1. Definitions.

"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and
distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

"Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright
owner that is granting the License.

"Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities
that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity.
For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or
indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by
contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

"You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising
permissions granted by this License.

"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including
but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and configuration
files.

"Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or
translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled object code,
generated documentation, and conversions to other media types.

"Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, made
available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice that is included
in or attached to the work (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

"Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that
is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions,
annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an
original work of authorship. For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works
shall not include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by
name) to the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

"Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original version
of the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or Derivative Works
thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work
by the copyright owner or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit
on behalf of the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition,
"submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and
issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for
the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication
that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by the copyright
owner as "Not a Contribution."

"Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf
of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently
incorporated within the Work.

2. Grant of Copyright License.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby
grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free,
irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the Work and such
Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

3. Grant of Patent License.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby
grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free,
irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have
made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where
such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by such Contributor
that are necessarily infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by combination
of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was
submitted. If You institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work or a
Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct or contributory
patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to You under this License
for that Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

4. Redistribution.

You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or Derivative Works thereof
in any medium, with or without modifications, and in Source or Object form,
provided that You meet the following conditions:

You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of
this License; and
You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that You
changed the files; and
You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You distribute,
all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the Source form
of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the
Derivative Works; and
If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution, then any
Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable copy of the
attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices
that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one of the
following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of the
Derivative Works; within the Source form or documentation, if provided along
with the Derivative Works; or, within a display generated by the Derivative
Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents of
the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do not modify the
License. You may add Your own attribution notices within Derivative Works that
You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work,
provided that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed as
modifying the License.
You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may provide
additional or different license terms and conditions for use, reproduction, or
distribution of Your modifications, or for any such Derivative Works as a whole,
provided Your use, reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies
with the conditions stated in this License.

5. Submission of Contributions.

Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any Contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the Work by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and
conditions of this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify the terms of
any separate license agreement you may have executed with Licensor regarding
such Contributions.

6. Trademarks.

This License does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks,
service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required for
reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and
reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

7. Disclaimer of Warranty.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the
Work (and each Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied,
including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are
solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or
redistributing the Work and assume any risks associated with Your exercise of
permissions under this License.

8. Limitation of Liability.

In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including negligence),
contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate
and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental,
or consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this License or
out of the use or inability to use the Work (including but not limited to
damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or
any and all other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor has
been advised of the possibility of such damages.

9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability.

While redistributing the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to
offer, and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or
other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this License. However,
in accepting such obligations, You may act only on Your own behalf and on Your
sole responsibility, not on behalf of any other Contributor, and only if You
agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason of your
accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

## 以下是ARMmbed/mbed-HDK项目的开源许可：

﻿END USER LICENCE AGREEMENT FOR MBED HARDWARE DEVELOPMENT KIT   

THIS END USER LICENCE AGREEMENT (“LICENCE”) IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU (EITHER A SINGLE INDIVIDUAL, OR SINGLE LEGAL ENTITY) AND ARM LIMITED ("ARM") FOR THE USE OF THE HARDWARE DEVELOPMENT KIT ACCOMPANYING THIS LICENCE. ARM IS ONLY WILLING TO LICENSE THE HARDWARE DEVELOPMENT KIT TO YOU ON CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS IN THIS LICENCE. BY INSTALLING OR OTHERWISE USING OR COPYING THE HARDWARE DEVELOPMENT KIT YOU INDICATE THAT YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS LICENCE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENCE, ARM IS UNWILLING TO LICENSE THE HARDWARE DEVELOPMENT KIT TO YOU AND YOU MAY NOT INSTALL, USE OR COPY THE HARDWARE DEVELOPMENT KIT.

“Hardware Development Kit” means the mbed board schematics (“Schematics”), and mbed data accompanying this Licence, and any printed, electronic or online documentation (“Documentation”) supplied with it..  

“Separate Files” means the separate files identified in the Schedule.

1. LICENCE GRANTS TO YOU.
1.1 SCHEMATICS AND DOCUMENTATION: ARM hereby grants you, subject to the terms and conditions of this Licence, a revocable, non-exclusive, perpetual, worldwide licence to (i) use, copy, and modify the Schematics and Documentation to design, manufacture and have manufactured mbed enabled microcontroller development boards, provided that such mbed enabled microcontroller development boards contain microprocessor(s) manufactured by the designated silicon vendor (as specified in the Documentation and Schematics) under a licence from ARM; and (ii) distribute (directly or through your customers and authorised distributors) the Schematics and Documentation (including any modified versions of the Schematics and Documentation created under the licences granted in Clause 1.1(i)) , provided you agree to: (a) distribute the unmodified Schematics and Documentation subject to the terms and conditions of this Licence; (b) include prominent notices if you have modified the Schematics and Documentation; (c) preserve any  notices, including copyright notices, which are included in the Schematics and Documentation; (d) not use ARM’s logos or trade marks to market the Schematics and Documentation (including any modified versions of the Schematics and Documentation created under the licences in Clause 1.1(i)) or your design of an mbed enabled microcontroller development board created under the licences granted in Clause 1.1(i) without ARM’s prior consent; and (e) ensure your customers and authorised distributors comply with this Clause 1.1.

2. COPYRIGHT AND RESERVATION OF RIGHTS: The Hardware Development Kit is owned by ARM or its licensors and is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws and international treaties. The Hardware Development Kit is licensed not sold. You acquire no rights to the Hardware Development Kit other than as expressly provided by this Licence. 

You shall not remove from the Hardware Development Kit this Licence, any copyright notice or other notice and shall ensure that the Licence and any such notice is reproduced in any copies of the whole or any part of the Hardware Development Kit made by you.  

3. SUPPORT.
ARM is under no obligation to provide you with any support, but it may do so at its sole discretion.  

4. NO  WARRANTIES
YOU AGREE THAT THE HARDWARE DEVELOPMENT KIT IS LICENSED “AS IS”, AND THAT ARM EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS OR OTHER TERMS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

5. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL ARM BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE HARDWARE DEVELOPMENT KIT WHETHER BASED ON A CLAIM UNDER CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF ARM WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
 
ARM does not seek to limit or exclude liability for death or personal injury arising from ARM's negligence or ARM’s fraud and because some jurisdictions do not permit the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages the above limitation relating to liability for consequential damages may not apply to you.

6. THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.
The Separate Files are delivered subject to and your use is governed by their own separate licence agreements. This Licence does not apply to such Separate Files and they are not included in the term “Hardware Development Kit” under this Licence. You agree to comply with all terms and conditions imposed on you in respect of such Separate Files including those identified in the Schedule (“Third Party Terms”).  

ARM HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES EXPRESS OR IMPLIED FROM ANY THIRD PARTIES REGARDING ANY SEPARATE FILES, ANY THIRD PARTY MATERIALS INCLUDED IN THE HARDWARE DEVELOPMENT KIT, ANY THIRD PARTY MATERIALS FROM WHICH THE HARWDARE DEVELOPMENT KIT IS DERIVED (COLLECTIVELY “OTHER CODE”), AND THE USE OF ANY OR ALL THE OTHER CODE IN CONNECTION WITH THE HARDWARE DEVELOPMENT KIT, INCLUDING (WITHOUT LIMITATION) ANY WARRANTIES OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

NO THIRD PARTY LICENSORS OF OTHER CODE SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED AND WHETHER MADE UNDER CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHER LEGAL THEORY, ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE OTHER CODE OR THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED UNDER EITHER OR BOTH THIS LICENCE AND THE LEGAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO ANY SEPARATE FILES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

7. TERM AND TERMINATION.
This Licence shall remain in force until terminated. If you are in breach of any of the terms and conditions of this Licence then ARM may terminate this Licence immediately upon giving written notice to you. You may terminate this Licence at any time. In the event of termination, you agree to destroy the Hardware Development Kit together with all copies and related materials. The provisions of clauses 5, 6, and 7 shall survive termination of this Licence.

8. GENERAL.
This Licence is governed by English Law. 

The Hardware Development Kit is provided under this Licence is subject to U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Act and its associated regulations, and may be subject to export or import regulations in other countries. You agree to comply fully with all laws and regulations of the United States and other countries ("Export Laws") to assure that the Hardware Development Kit, is not: (i) exported, directly or indirectly, in violation of Export Laws, either to any countries that are subject to U.S.A. export restrictions or to any end user who has been prohibited from participating in the U.S.A. export transactions by any federal agency of the U.S.A. government; or (ii) intended to be used for any purpose prohibited by Export Laws, including, without limitation, nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons proliferation. 
 

Schedule

A.	The implementation of the mbed interface is subject to the terms and conditions of the Apache v2.0 licence. 


Mbed Hardware Development Kit v2.0 (LEC-PRE-20403)
/end